Feature/175 dev (#193)
minrk/thebelab: README.md

}
```

## Contributing

### Getting Started in the Development Environment

In order to get Thebelab running locally, you'll need to have Node installed on your system: https://nodejs.org/en/download/
Once installed, this also includes `npm` (Node Package Manager) which is what you will run in order to run Thebelab locally.

After cloning the repository, run:

`npm install`

This will install all dependencies in package.json.
In order to serve the Thebelab source code, run:

`npm run build:watch`

> Now open `development.html` in your root directory to see Thebelab running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now open `development.html` in your root directory to see Thebelab running. `development.html`
is a simple HTML page that demonstrates Thebelab functionality. You can edit it to test
out new features or configurations.
```

}
```

## Contributing

### Getting Started in the Development Environment

In order to get Thebelab running locally, you'll need to have Node installed on your system: https://nodejs.org/en/download/
Once installed, this also includes `npm` (Node Package Manager) which is what you will run in order to run Thebelab locally.

After cloning the repository, run:

`npm install`

This will install all dependencies in package.json.
In order to serve the Thebelab source code, run:

`npm run build:watch`

Now open `development.html` in your root directory to see Thebelab running. `development.html`
is a simple HTML page that demonstrates Thebelab functionality. You can edit it to test
out new features or configurations.

> This will start Webpack which will bundle and serve the source code. This also will automatically reload re-build changes to the source code, however, you'll be required to refresh the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `npm run` will start Webpack which will bundle and serve the source code
along with `development.html`. As you change the code in Thebelab, the javascript
will automatically be re-built, but you'll be required to refresh the page.
```
